title: XMPP public services list backlog cleanup
link: http://xmpp.org/?p=2388
creator: ben
description: 
post_id: 2388
post_date: 2011-11-20 04:47:21
post_date_gmt: 
comment_status: closed
post_name: 
status: draft
post_type: post

# XMPP public services list backlog cleanup

We are currently in the process of updating the [public services](/resources/public-services/) list. This includes finding out about servers that have stopped providing their service, as well as adding new servers to the list. Regarding the latter, we are currently working through the backlog of new registrations that came in on the [XMPP-operators mailing list](http://mail.jabber.org/pipermail/operators/) over the last one and a half year. One of the tasks at hand, is to find out if the registration requests come from the server-admins/domain-owners. This will be verified by sending e-mails to the adresses "admin", "root" and "postmaster" at those domains. If you requested your server to be put on the list in the last one and half year, please make sure, that at least one of those e-mail addresses is ready to receive mail. Domains already on the list and new applicants should make sure that your server still meets the [requirements](http://xmpp.org/resources/public-services/verification/) like valid SRV-records, valid SSL-certificate, etc., as those will be checked regularly in the future. **To avoid misunderstandings** As we can't send the mails from a @xmpp.org e-mail address, they will instead be sent from [xmpp-public-services@openjabber.de](mailto:xmpp-public-services@openjabber.de). This is also where your reply should go to.